<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
                xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
                template="resources/template/common/commonLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Red Hat Open Demos"/>
    <ui:define name="main">             
       <div class="position-relative overflow-hidden p-3 p-md-5 m-md-3 text-left bg-light rh-terrace text-white">
            <div class="col-md-5 p-lg-5 mx-auto my-5">
                <h1 class="display-4 font-weight-normal">Frequently Asked Questions</h1>
                <p class="lead font-weight-normal">Welcome to the place to review Red Hat technologies and jumpstart 
                      your next projects with Red Hat experts.  We are often asked questions by our attendees.  Below you will find many of the more common ones.
                </p>
            </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="position-relative overflow-hidden p-3 p-md-5 m-md-3 text-left ">    
            <nav aria-label="breadcrumb">
                    <ol class="breadcrumb">
                    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="default.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                    <li class="breadcrumb-item active" aria-current="page">FAQ</li>
                    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="past.xhtml">Previous Sessions</a></li>
                    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="future.xhtml">Upcoming Sessions</a></li>
                    <li class="breadcrumb-item"><a href="feedback.xhtml">Get Involved</a></li>
                    </ol>
            </nav>

            <div class="alert alert-primary">
                    <h3>Who is allowed to attend these demos?</h3>
                    <hr/>
                    <p>Anyone! The original goal of these are to provide a way for Red Hat employees to provide demonstrations of our software for their customers. However there is no reason why partners, internal employees, ISV accounts or anyone else should not join these presentations. In fact, the more the merrier.</p>       
            </div>

            <div class="alert alert-secondary">
                <h3>What is the difference between these and our regularly scheduled webinars presented by our marketing department?</h3>
                <hr/>
                <p>These demonstrations feature no marketing information. They are purely designed to show the meat of the product, how it functions and to demonstrate common use cases. Webinars typically have a specific agenda and are generally half presentation, half demonstration. We are giving 100% demonstration for customers who are needing to see a product in action to better understand how to utilize it.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="alert alert-primary">
                <h3>Why not simply record a singular session and pass it to customers as a recorded presentation instead of doing a similar demo each week?</h3>
                <hr/>
                <p>We have tried this in the past and people still request that live demo. By having an interactive presence on the call, customers receive the attention that they need while also gaining the ability to ask questions and steer the direction of the presentation based on live feedback.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="alert alert-secondary">
                <h3>The demo is over, now what?</h3>
                <hr/>
                <p>If you have additional questions, please contact your account manager or Solution Architect. If you do not know, feel free to email the presenter and they can help you.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="alert alert-primary">
                <h3>What does TBA mean?</h3>
                <hr/>
                <p>TBA = To Be Announced. There is currently no assigned person to present on that date yet.</p>
            </div>
    </div>
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>